Added Info on different version installation in the getting started file (#574)
RemDelaporteMathurin/FESTIM: docs/source/getting_started.rst

FESTIM can then be installed using pip::

    pip install FESTIM

> Previous version of FESTIM can then be installed using pip::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specific versions of FESTIM can be installed with::
```

>     pip install FESTIM==version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pip install FESTIM==[version]
```

> with the desired version number.  For example::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the desired version tag.  For example::
```

Author: Yes! These great suggestions improve clarity of the documentation, I agree with you

Reviewer: You can commit them directly from this PR
